- Throughout this course
we have looked at several different
yet important aspects of secure coding
and culture, so let's review.
We spent some time talking about
what secure coding is all about
and why it is important.
We talked about our goals.
We talked about the attacker persona.
We talked about how to focus on breaking
and not just building.
And we talked a lot about risks and documentation.
This foundation led us into a discussion of vulnerabilities.
We spent a significant portion of this course
going through a lot of the most common defects
that routinely appear as security issues.
We talked about what they were,
how they manifest themselves,
and some basic strategies to mitigate them.
Each of these classes was unique
but shared enough similarities
to develop patterns of mitigation.
We then talked a little bit about building a culture
of security within various areas
of the SDLC.
While this course wasn't about culture,
it really is an important part
of secure coding as a whole,
and I highly encourage you to spend time
on developing a culture of security
within your organization.
Because of the vastness of this topic,
I hope that I gave you enough of a taste
of secure coding for you to dig in a little deeper.
It is a wide and deep focus area
but one that an experienced developer
can find rewarding as well as lucrative.
I hope you have found value in this foundation.
I want to thank you for your time in this course.
It means a lot to me to have spent this time with you
even virtually.
My commitment does not end when this course is over.
I respond to requests on Twitter and Stack Overflow
on all of my content here
or any other public platform where I present on.
I love learning and sharing knowledge,
so please reach out to me with questions or ideas.